Save youtube guys, how are you?
here says say welcome to my
its our youtube cross channel and
just went out on the social
club or finally the social network has
rockstar that finally I will leave the link of
inscription which is the following rockstar
confirmed next week a new
update in gt online and as I said
love in two parts was you who is
Straight are you who speak ill of me
take in the year only this talk of terror
it's fuck I was very good that fota
seriously very handsome I saw here hand
I'll leave the registration link if
writes with is from what I saw here goes
get out a car that I have I'll leave
photo for you there ok that opens on
side to the game up here means
I do not know but my name has already been disclosed
this car that car knows
appeared soon in the update of the
their privacy then that car was
there is an all-round car full of
things that look like an alpha right?
such as the alfa romeo in the talking pomegranate is the
alpha but remember that I left is inspired by
rock strong and the Williams years at - the
Naked test of a helicopter with the name
from beckham
grab goose ift deluxe a combat weapon
pda vw means that it will be
personalized beauty an albany virgo is
Another car I'll leave here on the screen
Also the other car called benefits
ling gt
is caught young people do not quite understand
This has not happened here recording fast
for you here as high as possible
the black is black luan deluxe luxury is the
same line as the helicopter, but
golden beauty new accessories and clothes
etc and a new car called pec only
isabel understands but is the same brand
practically from the benefit of the
more or less the same style as the
call but it's not the same you do not understand I'm going
leave the transmission link if you
want to see more details and e7 ok its like me
I can mention this here.
the rockstar will simply send her
two updates it is not known whether
Monday will be do not know is written
here it is written here on the second goes
be after summer
I do not know, I've never heard that if you want to see
here in the description ok
the photos I went through and 7 okay, I'm old
very happy too caught up in taking that
study come do not even be cahuê and t7 the
dialogue of kind what good it generates
thank you very much textile if you liked and
forget to leave your home and this
help a lot comments the icon that you
found sharing with friends if
subscribe to the channel ok subscribe to
channel that helps a lot ok you
stay where all the land lots
a big hug for you and I went